"Hi there!

As you can see, the title of this folder tells you my name and something about an inventory manager. Well, the title is right but not really that clear.

This project is an inventory tracker for Dungeons & Dragons 5th Edition // 5e
A tabletop role-playing game which is half a century old and has millions of players around the world.

How the game works?
I'm not gonna bore you with all the details of the game, but I can say this much: It is a game in which you and your friends embark on an adventure in a fictional world. Everyone plays a singular character, with the exeption of the dungeon master, who is a kind of refree/narrator. You meet online or in person and you play the game for a couple of hours and you kinda share a story togheter.

In this game, there are rules. A lot of them. Too many to follow at the same time.

Most of them are easy to follow, but some in particular are too annoiyng to deal with.

The rules I'm talking about are the rules for keeping track of carrying capacity and encumberance. In other words, how much you character can carry and how much he/she carries at a given moment.

Well, that is cumbersome, pun intended, to say the least. You have to do 3rd grade math every time you wanna check if you're carrying too much.

In video games, this part is done for you. You can play the game without a problem and when you ecceed you carrying capacity, the interface tells you.

This project aims to make exactly that. It simulates an inventory and tells you what you carry and how much it weights.

// Setup

Keep in mind that the app is not online yet, so you need to have an IDE installel // I used VS Code and the live server extention

The item database is in a json file in this folder //   items-demo.json

You need to have node, npm and json server installed. // A "node modules" folder should be in this folder for this to work. If you installed everything i said, you should already have one.

When making the fetch request you need to use the port 3000 or modify the url in the loadItems function to match the port that you're using.

// The actual app

1.
In the form section, you cand write a name and will be updated on a card along with he caracter deatails regarding items and weight
The most important input is the strenght score. In D&D is usually between 8 and 17 at first level. Modifiyng it will change you carrying capacity // the number on the right. 
The number of the left is the weight that you currently carry. 

2.
The search bar helps you to find items by name, the filter filters the items by category. The two of them can be used toghether.
The item cards have basic information, but if you click "show info", a modal will apear with more info about them. You can add an item to your inventory from both the item card and the modal. 

3. 
The inventory keeps track of the items, their quantity, weight and value and updates the character information section. 
Here the item cards are a little different. You cand increse or decrease the quantity of an item by clicking + or - button, get the same modal by clicking the info button or remove all the copies of an item.

4. 
The character information card
As I said before, it keeps track of the weight you carry and the weight you can carry. It does that based on your strenght score, 
your size (which in case of most players is medium) and the multplier which you should use if there is a buff or an effect in the game that doubles your carrying capacity for some reason.
The status updates every second, it checks the weight you carry and the weight you can carry and after doing some match, tells you if you are encumbered and if you are, how encumbered you are."
